README.md, before:

# General programming bot

This is a bot for IRC to allow quick testing and comparing of code in different
languages.

Join `#gp` on `irc.libera.chat` to use it.

## Currently supported interpreters (see also `src/interpreters`)

* `hs` Haskell (`ghci`)
* `rs` Rust ([`runner`](https://docs.rs/crate/runner))
* `py` Python (`python`)
* `js` JavaScript ([`flog`](https://github.com/flogjs/flog))
* `ts` TypeScript ([`ts-node`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ts-node))
* `erl` Erlang (`erlang`)
* `ml` OCaml (`ocaml`)
* `ex` Elixir (`elixir`)

## Run

Run a snippet in a language.

`js> 1 + 1`

This outputs `(ok) 2`.

## Explain

Run and explain a snippet in a language using OpenAI's API.

`js?> 1 + 1`

This outputs 

```
(ok) 2
(gpt) This code is a simple mathematical expression that adds 1 and 1 together,
resulting in the answer of 2.
```

Depending on how you set the temperature on the OpenAI configuration, this
answer may vary slightly.

## Example configuration

Create a `conf.json` in root.

```json
{
  "irc": {
    "network": "irc.libera.chat",
    "user": "gpbot",
    "channels": "#gp"
  },
  "openai": {
    "api_key": "sk-your-openai-key",
    "completion": {
      "max_tokens": 100,
      "model": "text-davinci-003",
      "temperature": 0
    },
    "review": {
      "max_tokens": 100,
      "model": "text-davinci-003",
      "temperature": 0
    }
  }
}

The `openai` key is optional. If not present, the reviews and explanations
won't work.
```

Commit message:

add review documentation to readme

README.md, after:

# General programming bot
This is a bot for IRC to allow quick testing and comparing of code in different
languages.

Join `#gp` on `irc.libera.chat` to use it.

## Currently supported interpreters (see also `src/interpreters`)

* `hs` Haskell (`ghci`)
* `rs` Rust ([`runner`](https://docs.rs/crate/runner))
* `py` Python (`python`)
* `js` JavaScript ([`flog`](https://github.com/flogjs/flog))
* `ts` TypeScript ([`ts-node`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ts-node))
* `erl` Erlang (`erlang`)
* `ml` OCaml (`ocaml`)
* `ex` Elixir (`elixir`)

## Run

Run a snippet in a language.

`js> 1 + 1`

This outputs `(ok) 2`.

## Explain

Run and explain a snippet in a language using OpenAI's API.

`js?> 1 + 1`

This outputs 

```
(ok) 2
(gpt) This code is a simple mathematical expression that adds 1 and 1 together,
resulting in the answer of 2.
```

Depending on how you set the temperature on the OpenAI configuration, this
answer may vary slightly.

## Review

Run a code review using OpenAI's API. Currently supported are `dpaste.com`,
`dpaste.org` and `github.com`.

`!review https://github.com/terrablue/gpbot/blob/master/package.json`

A typical output, depending on the `temperature` set for OpenAI, may be

```
This code appears to be a package.json file for a project called gpbot. It
contains information about the project, such as the author, repository,
description, license, type, and scripts. It also lists the dependencies and
devDependencies that are required for the project.
```

You may also pass additional comments for the OpenAI in order to influence how
it analyzes the code. This can come in handy if you want it to look at just one
segment of a larger file.

`!review https://github.com/terrablue/gpbot/blob/master/package.json license?`

A typical output should be

`This code is licensed under the MIT license.`

## Example configuration

Create a `conf.json` in root.

```json
{
  "irc": {
    "network": "irc.libera.chat",
    "user": "gpbot",
    "channels": "#gp"
  },
  "openai": {
    "api_key": "sk-your-openai-key",
    "completion": {
      "max_tokens": 100,
      "model": "text-davinci-003",
      "temperature": 0
    },
    "review": {
      "max_tokens": 100,
      "model": "text-davinci-003",
      "temperature": 0
    }
  }
}
```

The `openai` key is optional. If not present, the reviews and explanations
won't work.
